hey guys what is up my name is Sarah eg
Renzo Khushi I'm very excited about
today's video because this is my first
video camera ever like for web this is
the actual one that I shot on so when
talking about video cameras we kind of
have to have an unboxing so that's why I
bought a digital blue on the Internet
[Music]
quick so this thing runs on four
triple-a batteries aesthetically it's
really attractive I think when I bring
it out in the real world people are
gonna be like whoa what is that and I'm
gonna tell me that is the sound of
movies okay this is the first shot on my
first video camera ever here we go
and we're rolling on the digital blue
what's up Cody here at the office let's
try to vlog you have to keep this button
held down let's see if I can't Rancic's
s hey guys what's up this is Sarah from
2017 I'm vlogging on my first video
camera ever I don't know if it worked
okay this is take two with my first
video camera ever I'm gonna bring it
around gonna vlog with it what's up guys
okay I think that works because it says
one I think we're going to run into some
things because this camera also requires
a very old software in order to pull the
footage off of it so strap in guys we're
in parole
so I need to download a virtual machine
onto my PC and then find a very old
version of software that's compatible
with my old video game moment of truth
to see if we have the proper computer to
get the footage off of this camera I
[Music]
don't want to get too excited yet but I
think we just installed the proper
software to make our dreams come true
and record on the digital blue
laughter so much anticipation I finally
got the software installed it took them
din it
[Music]
can you just talk about like the like
user interfaces of applications back
from the day just reminds me of one big
episode of like Bill Nye the Science Guy
oh my gosh so we've only successfully
been able to get this clip onto the
computer look at this magic what I
discovered that in the digital blue
editing area you can actually add
special effects look at this stuff Wow
so they come with sound effects that's
great
disco ball I think the aliens a nice
touch wow this is like straight out of a
horror film this just turned into a
scary yeah this is definitely kind of
disturbing Oh a skateboarder though
alright with that let's go into the real
montage that I edited on my normal video
editing
[Music]
I hope you guys enjoy it
hey a little montage from my first
camera hover it took a minute to get to
that point what is super fun for me to
find it's my old camera to actually make
something I could see how far technology
has come I think it'd be super rad to
see you guys with your first cameras
there should be like a first camera vlog
YouTube town
there you go this video is brought to
you by the new beta testing community
canvas by city and a quick side note I
love when I get to work with brands who
have actually been a big part of my life
before collaborating with them I have my
father on the phone right now
okay so I've turned to you and mother
for a lot of financial advice over the
years what was the first credit card
ever that you recommended to me it was
well boom there you go my first credit
card ever I've always been about that
city life my dad cc-by as a solopreneur
I have a ton of cards in different banks
and to be honest sometimes it's hard to
keep my finances straight with canvas
you can discover Financial insights of
all kinds and give direct feedback to
city on how to improve the banking
experience I've gotten a chance to try
out the first test which is actually an
app so here are my favorite features and
tools number one the step meter it
if the amount of steps you are taking
correlates with buying things yeah they
might be onto something I want at all
number two is thing once needs goals
chart because sometimes your once get in
the way of your knees and goals number
three money in versus money out simple
concept easier to execute with pretty
charts the best part about canvas is
it's you power you can aggregate all of
your cards in banks not just City for
the ultimate banking experience
currently canvas is in close beta
testing but I will be using it and you
can too when it's available for everyone
very soon for more information please
check out the link in the description
above look so it was super fun playing
around with my first video camera ever
but right now let's make a trip to
Dallas Texas where I'm originally from
cuz I'm spending the holidays there with
my fam BAM think you guys are gonna
appreciate maybe some old Sara footage
some vintage vintage footage of Joker
[Music]
I'm hello
Texas mother what are you doing I come
home and they beat me up what John how
did you have how are they so me I am
home for the holidays in Dallas Texas so
you guys just saw footage from my first
video camera everywhere do you remember
the digital blue how are you fat
cheating father what are you got here a
little notification okay so now we're
gonna watch some old clips this is
Christmas 2010 this is where I got a
very special present that enabled me to
edit through the first time it always
hide
[Music]
[Applause]
that's me guys that's me nugget oh your
I was chasing the cat
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
it was super fun as a person who is
continually switching out camera gear it
was fun it was humbling to take a look
back where we were at fifteen years ago
all began where it all began
any things to add hey guys so much make
sure to check out that City link does
written below let me know if you like
this video hit subscribe button and love
you so much
[Music]